he
worse
O
with the
he
same
for once again love here in the shallow lagoon community
here in the state I could
he revealed that another action of the senar this time accommodated water shallow the cost
was left with the difficulties that still remain beyond being concentrated and 5 7 and
joy
educator power
and relieved that the educator of senar even more words
the analysis is that there before the picture of the Senate and we here more or less like
is being that expresses of costing uesc December 3, 2009 the sponge
highway viviane explains that one more time to the personal at a time how is that
5 7 cicv works with health
in the childhood
Our mission is to empower and
developed within the offer such a moment
introduced
the well informed
this designation
official
enjoying this alone
before him
You have money, you'd better go here.
our life being like this
Hugo Chávez on tv
to participate
Allied parties is what I expected
very good mood
there you can talk about the joy of the senator's office sergio guerra can last all
life like the past pond can take years today
December 3 at 11 a.m. of the day with the possession of pepe to boil west